Statically and dynamically typed language

Statically typed language




1.Statically typed language perform type checking at compile time.
2.In statically typed language you need to declare the datatype before using them.
3.Example for statically typed language are java ,c and c++
 example for statically typed language 
In java;
int num = 10 
In above example  int num is present , num’s which define that datatype as int . so the java expect  its variable to declare before they can be assigned value

Dynamically typed language

1.Dynamically typed language perform type checking at runtime
2.In dynamically  typed language no need to declare a data type before using them
3.Example for dynamically  typed language are java script,groove
example for dynamically typed language 
In java script;

num = 10;
In above example,we didn’t declare any data type like int ,str .so java script didn’t expect its variable to declare before using  them





Scripting language and Programming language

Scripting language

1.Scripting language is a programming language supporting scripts written exclusively for a special runtime environment to automate a specific action/function execution.
2.Scripting languages run inside another program.
3.Scripting languages are made to make coding easier and faster.
4.Scripting languages, on the other hand, demand line-by-line conversion.
5.Example ; java script, python , ruby


Programming language

1.Programming language is a set of instructions that can be fed into a computer to achieve a specific output.
2.Programming languages run independently of a parent program
3.Programming languages are made to make full-fledged code and software development easier.
4.Programming languages use a compiler, it is a one-shot conversion. 
5.Example; c ,c++ ,java


HTTP1.1 & HTTP2

HTTP1.1 vs  HTTP2

HTTP1.1	HTTP2
1.It  load the data one by one 
If one resource cannot be load then another data will block from behind	1.It send multiple data at same time
2.It will not split data ,so  the client will not know what data is receiving	2.It splitting the data and numbering them so the client know which  data is receiving
3.it works under udp connection	3.it works under tcp connection
4.its compress the data less compare to http2	4. its compress the data in advance method is called Hpack




